feat: add flashcard quiz app lab (#62166)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: client/src/pages/learn/full-stack-developer/learn-dom-manipulation-with-typescript-by-building-a-flashcard-quiz-app/index.md

---
title: Introduction to the Build a Flashcard Quiz App
block: workshop-flashcard-quiz-app
superBlock: full-stack-developer
---

## Introduction to the Build a Flashcard Quiz App

> This page is for the Build a Flashcard Quiz App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this workshop, you will practice using TypeScript by building a flashcard quiz app.
```
